Subject: Kindly invite you to review manuscript "Estimating Peak Bone Mineral Density..."
To: han@labome.com, g.shapiro4@live.com, iting@nuk.edu.tw, mellal.mohamed@gmail.com, nguyen-thinh.le@hu-berlin.de, paul.hewson@plymouth.ac.uk, yuchiehl@umich.edu, rknguyen@gmail.com, thuclanhopham@pnt.edu.vn

Dear my referees and Sir/Madam Hanqing Xie
Thank my referees very much for supporting me in research career
Thank Sir/Madam Hanqing Xie very much for request of recommendation.
Thank Prof. Nguyen, Tuan V. for providing me invaluable knowledge and experiences.
Thank Prof. Ho-Pham, Lan T. very much for considering my work
This is my biggest honor and happiness, which help me to improve the work.

On behalf of the owner of Loc Nguyen's Academic Network http://www.locnguyen.net, I kindly invite you to review the manuscript below.

Paper Title: Estimating Peak Bone Mineral Density in Osteoporosis Diagnosis by Maximum Distribution
Submitted to: RESEARCH - An Academic Journal http://www.labome.org

My invitation is based on your professional knowledge and contributions to research related to the manuscript's topic area.
The attached is the manuscript.

If you do not review the manuscript, please recommend it to your scholars who concern its topic area.
I am waiting for response. Please keep in touch with me.
I will have more achievements with your support.
Best regards

PS: Dear Sir/Madam Hanqing Xie, following is a list of my referees: 

1. Prof. Lin, Yu-chieh (Jay) (林于傑)
Senior Research Associate
Project Design & Management Group | ​Statistics & Methods Unit
​Survey Research Operation​ | ​Survey Research Center
Institute for Social Research | University of Michigan
Email: yuchiehl@umich.edu
Phone: +1 (734) 764-6295
Skype: yuchieh0

2. Prof. Le, Nguyen-Thinh
Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin
Department of Informatics
Research Group “Computer Science Education / Computer Science and Society”
Unter den Linden 6
10099 Berlin
Germany
Email: nguyen-thinh.le@hu-berlin.de
Phone: +49 17693 139588

3. Prof. Ting, I-Hsien
Data Scientist
Director of Academic Affairs at Taiwanese Association for Social Networks - TASN
Director at Social Network Innovation Center
Associate Professor at National University of Kaohsiung
Email: iting@nuk.edu.tw
Phone: +886 912 310 999
Homepage: iting.im.nuk.edu.twa

4. Prof. Shapiro, Gary, Senior Statistician of The World. He is a co-founder of Statistics Without Borders.
Email: g.shapiro4@live.com
Phone: 1 301 350 0621
Skype: gary.shapiro19
Eastern time zone (ET)
Homepage: http://community.amstat.org/statisticswithoutborders/aboutswb/positions
Short biography:
Gary Shapiro is retired from Westat, where he was Senior Statistician from 1996 to 2009. Gary was the lead statistician, senior statistician, or/and task leader on over 30 projects, mostly involving survey sample design, weighting, and variance estimation. Prior to being at Westat, Gary was a Senior Statistician at Abt Associates from 1993 to 1996, where he was the lead statistician for a number of surveys. From 1965 to 1993 Gary was at the US Census Bureau. For almost 20 years of this period, he was an Assistant Chief of the Demographic Statistical Methods Division, where he oversaw the operation of up to five branches with the responsibility for sample design, weighting, and variance estimation for the demographic surveys. He is a co-founder of Statistics Without Borders, together with Steve Pierson and Fritz Scheuren. He served as initial SWB Co-Chair and then as Chair from 2010 to 2012.
Now he is chair of New Projects Committee - Statistics Without Borders.

5. Prof. MELLAL, Mohamed A.
Associate Professor at Faculty of Engineering Sciences (FSI), M‘Hamed Bougara University, Boumerdes, Algeria.
Achievements:
Journal papers: 10
Conference papers: 11
Edited book: 1
Email: mellal.mohamed@gmail.com, mellal-mohamed@umbb.dz, mellal.mohamed@univ-boumerdes.dz
Homepage: http://mamellal.univ-boumerdes.dz
Address: RC12, Building A, M‘Hamed Bougara University, Boumerdes, Algeria.

6. Prof. Hewson, Paul
National Teaching Fellow
Editor of Teaching Statistics: An International Journal for Teachers
Associate Professor (Senior Lecturer) in Statistics at School of Computing and Mathematics, University of Plymouth, UK.
Phone: 44 01752 586870
Email: paul.hewson@plymouth.ac.uk
Homepage: http://www.plymouth.ac.uk/staff/phewson
Address: University of Plymouth, Drake Circus, Plymouth PL4 8AA, UK